content/about.md, before:

---
title: "About Me"
date: 2019-01-09T11:16:16+05:30
cover:
  image: "images/Love_for_mountains.jpeg"
draft: false
---

![In front of mountains](/images/Love_for_mountains.jpeg#center "In front of Mountains")

[(See this picture on flickr)]

----------------------------------------------

[(See this picture on flickr)]: https://www.flickr.com/photos/160696242@N07/48775361931/

"Tell me about yourself."

I have always dreaded this question. It doesn't matter which setting I'm in - a social gathering, an interview, or while traveling - I invariably become visibly flabbergasted when people introduce themselves to me which is followed by the silent expectation that I'd return the favor and say something about myself. 

So to solve this little problem of mine, I came up with this unoriginal idea. Maybe I should make a website and put everything that goes on in my little mind out there so that whenever someone asks me to perform this horrendous task of saying something about myself, I'll simply point them towards "The Lazy Oxymoron" and say - that's me.

I know, how genius of me!

Now, if you have managed to read this far without rolling your eyes too much, I'll tell you something about myself.

I am Siddhartha. Although most of my friends know me by my nickname 'Golu' - which is also part of my full name btw - but that's a story for some other time. I am currently engaged in building [One800](https://www.one800.help/) which is going to consume a lot of my personal and professional time for the forseeable future, so do excuse any delay in responses.

I am passionate about a lot of things, which by its nature, leads me to become anxious a lot because I can't fulfill them all. I love reading books (fiction, non-fiction, poetry, comics, magazines - pretty much anything) and have a tiny but increasing library at home. Music, drawing, and photography are some of the things that I don't have a lot of talent for, nevertheless, I find them to be great creative stimulants, and so I dabble here and there with my amateur hands. Whenever I find the time - or rather I absolutely make the time to do this - I travel. You'll often hear people say this, so much that it might've started sounding like bullshit, but it's true - traveling changes you. I can get carried away with this, so let's keep this for a future post.

If you want to get in touch with me, the easiest way would be to go the old fashioned way - drop me an email at [sid@siddharthagolu.com](mailto:sid@siddharthagolu.com). I reply to every email I get (which is once in a blue moon). 

Or if you prefer, you can also connect with me on the following social media sites:

* [Goodreads](https://www.goodreads.com/siddharthagolu/ "Books") 
* [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/thelazyoxymoron/ "Social")
* [Flickr](https://flickr.com/photos/thelazyoxymoron/ "Photos")
* [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/siddharthagolu/ "Work")
* [Git](https://git.siddharthagolu.com/sid "Gitea")
* [Letterboxd](https://letterboxd.com/Carte_Blanche/ "Films")

If you connect with my thoughts here, please do reach out to me via your preferred medium. After all, we all live for the human connections we make.

Commit message:

update about me, add last updated date in posts

content/about.md, after:

---
title: "About Me"
date: 2019-01-09T11:16:16+05:30
updated: 2024-09-20T11:16:16+05:30
cover:
  image: "images/Love_for_mountains.jpeg"
draft: false
---

![In front of mountains](/images/Love_for_mountains.jpeg#center "In front of Mountains")

[(See this picture on flickr)]

----------------------------------------------

[(See this picture on flickr)]: https://www.flickr.com/photos/160696242@N07/48775361931/

I've always struggled with the question "Tell me about yourself". It doesn't matter if I'm at a social gathering, an interview, or traveling - I freeze up and find myself at a loss for words. So, I created this space as a solution. Now whenever someone asks, I simply point them here.

Now that you're here, let me introduce myself.

## Background
I'm Siddhartha, but most people know me by my nickname 'Golu' (which is also part of my full name, but that's a story for some other time) or Sid. I'm currently fully engaged in building [One800](https://www.one800.help/) - an online platform for mobile repairs. Prior to One800, I used to work as a Software engineer at Intel. I've done my Bachelor's and Master's in Computer Science from IIT (BHU), Varanasi.

## Passions

* **Reading**: I love reading books and have consciously curated my life to help me read more every day. I read widely across subjects - from philosophy, literary fiction, history, psychology to biography, comics and magazines - and make sure to have a dedicated block to read in the morning. You can find some of my notes on books I've read [here](/categories/book-notes/).

* **Tinkering**: A huge chunk of my personal time goes into hacking on some projects. It could be a new LLM that I just came across, or finding a way to automate some of the repetitive stuffs, or figuring out the best possible way to do [Zettelkasten](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zettelkasten). I love my time spent here, but sometimes I get carried away and forget about time, which is also a good thing and a bad thing depending on the circumstance.

## Reach out

If you want to get in touch with me, the easiest way would be to go the old fashioned way - drop me an email at [sid@siddharthagolu.com](mailto:sid@siddharthagolu.com). It's the quickest way to get a reply from me.

Or if you prefer, you can also connect with me on the following social media sites:

* [Goodreads](https://www.goodreads.com/siddharthagolu/ "Books") 
* [Flickr](https://flickr.com/photos/thelazyoxymoron/ "Photos")
* [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/siddharthagolu/ "Work")
* [Letterboxd](https://letterboxd.com/Carte_Blanche/ "Cinema")

If you connect with my thoughts here, please do reach out to me via your preferred medium. After all, we all live for the human connections we make.

Stay curious,  
Siddhartha
